- Correct Process - process said to be correct if it never crashes and executes an inifite number of steps.

Type of process failures
------------------------
- Craches (Crash Fault)
	- Process crashes at time t and never recovers after that time.
	- resilence - the relation between the number f of potentially faulty processes and the total number N of processes in the system
	- crash-stop abstraction - after, a process crashed, it never recovers and is never considered part of the system (even if restarted)
	- The algorithm should not reply on some of the processes to recover inorder to persue its execution.
- Omissions
	- occur when a process does not send (or receive) a message that it is supposed to send (or receive) according to its algorithm.
- Crashes with Recoveries
	- we say that a process is faulty if either the process crashes and never recovers or the processes keeps infinitely often crashing and recovering. Otherwise the processes is said to be correct
	- A processes that crashes and recovers a finite numbr of times is correct in this model.
	- Recovery event- automatically generated by the runtime environment whenever the process recovers.
	- Processes that do not crash implement a virtual stable storage abstraction, and the algorithm can exploit this without knowing in advance which of the processes will not crash in a given execution.
	- fundamental assumption that we build upon is that the set of processes involved in any given computation is static and the processes know of each other in advance. This implies that crash-recovery abstraction will not change identities of processes which crashed and recovered.
- Eavesdropping Faults
	- can be prevented by cryptography in particular by encrypting communication messages and stored data.
- Arbitrary Faults / Byzantine Faults
	- it may deviate in any conceivable way from the algoirthm assigned to it.